Editing ReadMe file for adding versions (#238)
HydrologicEngineeringCenter/FIRO_TSEnsembles: README.md

```

## Release Versions and Git Tags 

To add versioning to artifacts, the user must add a git tag to the commit.  There are three artifacts created when pushing 

> changes to remote.  To version for specific jars, the following texts are required:
> TS-Ensembles - needs the String "ts-".  For example, to version 1.0 the user would create a git tag with the name "ts-v1.0"
> Ensemble-View - needs the String "ev-". For example, to version 1.0 the user would create a git tag with the name "ev-v1.0"
> Dss-Ensembles - needs the String "dss-". For example, to version 1.0 the user would create a git tag with the name "dss-v1.0"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes to remote.  To version a specific jar, the following texts are required:

TS-Ensembles - prefix with "ts-".  For example, to release version 1.0 the user would create a git tag with the name "ts-v1.0"
Ensemble-View - prefix with "ev-". For example, to release version 1.0 the user would create a git tag with the name "ev-v1.0"
Dss-Ensembles - prefix with "dss-". For example, to release version 1.0 the user would create a git tag with the name "dss-v1.0"
```
